README.md, before:

# Gravey

Gravey is a community-driven Discord bot developed and maintained by the CPA @ SLC graduating class of 2026. 
The bot, themed after one of our professors, is as a fun side project for our class and aims to provide our peers with helpful utilities, programming resources, and course-related updates.
Hopefully we can help everyone learn more about programming and aid each other in this course together.

This bot is fully open-source and we allow modification. Contributions from the community are welcomed, and feel free to suggest improvements to the code or add your own features, with a pull request.

## Features Roadmap

The following features are in development. Completed features are checked off.

### General Utilities
- [x] **Timed Reminders**  
  For assignment deadlines, class schedules, and other important dates.
- [ ] **Assignment Tracker**  
  Monitor assignment's due dates, and send notifications to keep everyone on track.
- [ ] **Progress Alerts**  
  Notify those who haven’t submitted their work as deadlines approach.
- [ ] **Study Group Matchmaking**
  Allows people to make study groups, allowing
  others to join, plan and remind each other.
- [ ] **Weekly Recap**
  List a weekly recap of committed content to the bot,
  students felt was important.
### Educational Tools
- [x] **Daily Programming Tips & Resources**  
  A curated feed of programming knowledge to help everyone grow their skills.
- [ ] **Daily Coding Challenges**  
  Coding exercises to get more practice with our current coursework.
- [x] **ChatGPT Code Review (OpenAI API)**  
  AI code reviews to give feedback and suggestions on code quality.
- [x] **Automated Quizzes**  
  Relevant quizzes to study material covered in our courses.
- [ ] **Syntax and Command Cheat Sheets**
  Will display Syntax and Command cheat sheets
### Professional Development
- [ ] **Mock Interview Practice**  
  Potential integration with ChatGPT to simulate technical interviews.
- [ ] **Stack Overflow/Documentation Lookup**  
  A quick reference tool to search Stack Overflow and other documentation directly from Discord, with Gravey.

Commit message:

Weekly Recap Add Dynamic + Updated Readme
Weekly recap now shows dynamic UI based on the json file. That way we can update it separately for everyone. Also added to the readme the need for a help function. :)

README.md, after:

# Gravey

Gravey is a community-driven Discord bot developed and maintained by the CPA @ SLC graduating class of 2026. 
The bot, themed after one of our professors, is as a fun side project for our class and aims to provide our peers with helpful utilities, programming resources, and course-related updates.
Hopefully we can help everyone learn more about programming and aid each other in this course together.

This bot is fully open-source and we allow modification. Contributions from the community are welcomed, and feel free to suggest improvements to the code or add your own features, with a pull request.

## Features Roadmap

The following features are in development. Completed features are checked off.

### General Utilities
- [x] **Timed Reminders**  
  For assignment deadlines, class schedules, and other important dates.
- [ ] **Assignment Tracker**  
  Monitor assignment's due dates, and send notifications to keep everyone on track.
- [ ] **Progress Alerts**  
  Notify those who haven’t submitted their work as deadlines approach.
- [ ] **Study Group Matchmaking**
  Allows people to make study groups, allowing
  others to join, plan and remind each other.
- [ ] **Weekly Recap**
  List a weekly recap of committed content to the bot,
  students felt was important.
- [ ] **Help Command**
  A command that list and tells you how each command works for the bot.
### Educational Tools
- [x] **Daily Programming Tips & Resources**  
  A curated feed of programming knowledge to help everyone grow their skills.
- [ ] **Daily Coding Challenges**  
  Coding exercises to get more practice with our current coursework.
- [x] **ChatGPT Code Review (OpenAI API)**  
  AI code reviews to give feedback and suggestions on code quality.
- [x] **Automated Quizzes**  
  Relevant quizzes to study material covered in our courses.
- [ ] **Syntax and Command Cheat Sheets**
  Will display Syntax and Command cheat sheets
### Professional Development
- [ ] **Mock Interview Practice**  
  Potential integration with ChatGPT to simulate technical interviews.
- [ ] **Stack Overflow/Documentation Lookup**  
  A quick reference tool to search Stack Overflow and other documentation directly from Discord, with Gravey.
